README.md, before:

<picture>
 <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_dark.png">
 <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_light.png">
 <img alt="YOUR-ALT-TEXT" src="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_light.png">
</picture>


### MY INTRODUCTION 👋

Hi,

welcome to my Github profile!

I am Paul and I am a **sysadmin**. 

I have worked since 2014 predominantly on **Linux** systems and **Oracle** products.


I like to learn new things and improve myself with new ideas.

At the moment I am studying **AI**, **DevOps** and **Cloud Computing**.


I am learning piano and I like to travel to know new places.


I am interested in Automation, Monitoring, Linux/Unix, DevOps, Cloud Computing, Oracle Databases, and other cool subjects.


I hope enjoy my profile keep learning and stay hungry!

**Technologies:**
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a3b8221-9a70-4495-9920-7e01c3939bf9" alt="microfocus" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4298a1be-5a8e-42b2-8872-f54ede8e35e0" alt="hpe" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76d053b8-e978-4bd8-8fcf-c7788edaf9ed" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed0d7a23-eb69-4b2c-ab4e-eb7a5df64074" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6baacf1-632e-441d-b75a-21bf320410bd" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d03170e-ac0d-4523-a5a2-363cd0fc3624" alt="vmware" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4abbfe03-3e3b-4f6c-a422-064b5a21dadb" alt="ibm aix" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71c7b7ea-24fd-4829-87b1-c37ff2105f72" alt="hp-ux" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5383cf73-1463-4f46-8509-ca9bdfbc6929" alt="oracle solaris" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b14ba18-c096-404f-8881-cc83778df1f9" alt="red hat" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e445bd7c-dace-41a0-9702-1aaee7277991" alt="suse" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/97f2302c-2bc1-4f2e-94fa-69704488bbfe" alt="ubuntu" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8d791d20-c5a8-4b42-9d00-96ccacdcd4f5" alt="centos" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17f81afd-3851-491a-bc56-abcb525dc6ad" alt="sap" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2123d73-8a23-4ba8-823c-1d166c3fe4a8" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e05d91c1-c153-4f50-93af-7a2fa4bfb128" alt="cisco" width="40" height="40"/> 

**Tools:**
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08a196a1-5475-43dd-bd83-28d4fa47616e" alt="remedy" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcfe6aeb-b1f4-4c5c-b482-18b185a682f5" alt="apache" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed25de1d-214c-4863-9b85-ba349aa4989f" alt="sql developer" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d6048992-e1ac-4242-9f15-b0393cdba1a0" alt="toad for oracle" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ddd0578d-749e-43d6-aafa-c6bf8da72b10" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fae82004-7a32-4c0f-b599-617aae55e3c3" alt="nagios" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab958737-b839-4fac-96f4-1751b3f36002" alt="microsoft sql server" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d99462d-6f47-42a6-94a1-d4d5652438bb"  alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/387b0fdc-ef37-45a9-912b-84a9f40eb37a" alt="ansible" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/013906d8-0c2e-417a-adb8-d1bd4481c13e" alt="vmware workstation" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a1c7cb33-7684-4f65-855c-39f5d6c98a59" alt="oracle virtualbox" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f934848-0c3b-4c8a-9292-75cd1307170e" alt="proxmox" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ccf0b41-5d38-4337-8893-44c859377fa3" alt="zabbix" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02272e1f-b6fd-457d-81ad-95fd4c7ba42c" alt="qliksense" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/853d558f-1935-4351-aea3-f3ab4ca2fe60" alt="jira" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e82a56c-9396-435c-9148-ac78886d6e57" alt="ca service desk manager" width="40" height="40"/>



| Scripting  | 
-------------|
Bash     |


| Certifications                  |
----------------------------------|
Scrum Fundamentals Certified      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d58f601d-97f4-47e4-a4f9-873bef6c8d0a" alt="scrum fundamentals certification" width="100" height="100" /> |
Google IT Support                 <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e797249-64b3-4549-a67c-419249e4f5d9" alt="google it support certification"  width="100" height="100" /> |
Linux Essentials                  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44ea2e64-5ba8-46bc-a2bf-b0752dcacfe1" alt="linux essentials certification"  width="100" height="100" /> |  

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/tall/65f9b6f7adfe421617323d83?variant=dark)](https://roadmap.sh)

# To do
- [ ] Complete Udacity DevOps Cloud Engineer Nanodegree
- [X] Learning Proxmox
- [ ] Expand knowledge and experience on Apache web servers and SSL/HTTPS certificate

Commit message:

Revise personal learning details in README
Updated personal study information and added language learning.

README.md, after:

<picture>
 <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_dark.png">
 <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_light.png">
 <img alt="YOUR-ALT-TEXT" src="https://github.com/sysadmin91/sysadmin91/blob/main/img_light.png">
</picture>


### MY INTRODUCTION 👋

Hi,

welcome to my Github profile!

I am Paul and I am a **sysadmin**. 

I have worked since 2014 predominantly on **Linux** systems and **Oracle** products.


I like to learn new things and improve myself with new ideas.

At the moment studying and improve my English language in Dublin, but previously I have studied **AI**, **DevOps** and **Cloud Computing**.


I am learning piano and I like to travel to know new places.


I am interested in Automation, Monitoring, Linux/Unix, DevOps, Cloud Computing, Oracle Databases, and other cool subjects.


I hope enjoy my profile keep learning and stay hungry!

**Technologies:**
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a3b8221-9a70-4495-9920-7e01c3939bf9" alt="microfocus" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4298a1be-5a8e-42b2-8872-f54ede8e35e0" alt="hpe" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76d053b8-e978-4bd8-8fcf-c7788edaf9ed" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed0d7a23-eb69-4b2c-ab4e-eb7a5df64074" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6baacf1-632e-441d-b75a-21bf320410bd" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0d03170e-ac0d-4523-a5a2-363cd0fc3624" alt="vmware" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4abbfe03-3e3b-4f6c-a422-064b5a21dadb" alt="ibm aix" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71c7b7ea-24fd-4829-87b1-c37ff2105f72" alt="hp-ux" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5383cf73-1463-4f46-8509-ca9bdfbc6929" alt="oracle solaris" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2b14ba18-c096-404f-8881-cc83778df1f9" alt="red hat" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e445bd7c-dace-41a0-9702-1aaee7277991" alt="suse" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/97f2302c-2bc1-4f2e-94fa-69704488bbfe" alt="ubuntu" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8d791d20-c5a8-4b42-9d00-96ccacdcd4f5" alt="centos" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/17f81afd-3851-491a-bc56-abcb525dc6ad" alt="sap" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f2123d73-8a23-4ba8-823c-1d166c3fe4a8" alt="aws" width="40" height="40"/> 
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e05d91c1-c153-4f50-93af-7a2fa4bfb128" alt="cisco" width="40" height="40"/> 

**Tools:**
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/08a196a1-5475-43dd-bd83-28d4fa47616e" alt="remedy" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dcfe6aeb-b1f4-4c5c-b482-18b185a682f5" alt="apache" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ed25de1d-214c-4863-9b85-ba349aa4989f" alt="sql developer" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d6048992-e1ac-4242-9f15-b0393cdba1a0" alt="toad for oracle" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ddd0578d-749e-43d6-aafa-c6bf8da72b10" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fae82004-7a32-4c0f-b599-617aae55e3c3" alt="nagios" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ab958737-b839-4fac-96f4-1751b3f36002" alt="microsoft sql server" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d99462d-6f47-42a6-94a1-d4d5652438bb"  alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/387b0fdc-ef37-45a9-912b-84a9f40eb37a" alt="ansible" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/013906d8-0c2e-417a-adb8-d1bd4481c13e" alt="vmware workstation" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a1c7cb33-7684-4f65-855c-39f5d6c98a59" alt="oracle virtualbox" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3f934848-0c3b-4c8a-9292-75cd1307170e" alt="proxmox" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ccf0b41-5d38-4337-8893-44c859377fa3" alt="zabbix" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/02272e1f-b6fd-457d-81ad-95fd4c7ba42c" alt="qliksense" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/853d558f-1935-4351-aea3-f3ab4ca2fe60" alt="jira" width="40" height="40"/>
<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4e82a56c-9396-435c-9148-ac78886d6e57" alt="ca service desk manager" width="40" height="40"/>



| Scripting  | 
-------------|
Bash     |


| Certifications                  |
----------------------------------|
Scrum Fundamentals Certified      <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d58f601d-97f4-47e4-a4f9-873bef6c8d0a" alt="scrum fundamentals certification" width="100" height="100" /> |
Google IT Support                 <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8e797249-64b3-4549-a67c-419249e4f5d9" alt="google it support certification"  width="100" height="100" /> |
Linux Essentials                  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/44ea2e64-5ba8-46bc-a2bf-b0752dcacfe1" alt="linux essentials certification"  width="100" height="100" /> |  

[![roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/card/tall/65f9b6f7adfe421617323d83?variant=dark)](https://roadmap.sh)

# To do
- [ ] Complete Udacity DevOps Cloud Engineer Nanodegree
- [X] Learning Proxmox
- [ ] Expand knowledge and experience on Apache web servers and SSL/HTTPS certificate
